ds/binaryTree/README.md, before:

# Binary Tree
Binary tree is like a linked list but with max two possible branches.

![alt text](http://web.stanford.edu/class/archive/cs/cs106b/cs106b.1158/images/binary-tree-figure.png)

##### Application
1. Expression tree in compilers.
2. Huffman coding in data ccompression.
3. Binary searching.
4. creating priority queues.

##### Implementation
* Linked List (most used implementation)

## Questions
[00](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/BinaryTree.java) - Implement BinaryTree using Java class.\
[p1](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p1) - Pre-Order traversal.\
[p2](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p2) - In-Order traversal.\
[p3](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p3) - Post-Order traversal.\
[p4](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p4) - Level-Order traversal.\
[p5](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p5) - Maximum element in BT.\
[p6](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p6) - Search an element in a BT.\
[p7](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p7) - Insert an element.\
[p8](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p8) - Size of a BT.\
[p9](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p9) - Reverse Level-Order traversal.\
[p10](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p10) - Height of a BT.\
[p11](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p11) - Deepest node in BT.\
[p12](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p12) - Delete a node in BT.\
[p13](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p13) - Identical tree.\
[p14](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p14) - Diameter of a BT.\
[p15](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p15) - Print root to leaf path.\
[p16](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p16) - Path of given sum.\
[p17](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p17) - Create mirror of BT.\
[p18](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p18) - Print root to node path.\
[p19](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p19) - Least common Ancestor.\
[p20](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p20) - Zigzag level traversal.\
[p21](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p21) - Max width of a BT.

Commit message:

horizontal distances of nodes w.r.t. root

ds/binaryTree/README.md, after:

# Binary Tree
Binary tree is like a linked list but with max two possible branches.

![alt text](http://web.stanford.edu/class/archive/cs/cs106b/cs106b.1158/images/binary-tree-figure.png)

##### Application
1. Expression tree in compilers.
2. Huffman coding in data ccompression.
3. Binary searching.
4. creating priority queues.

##### Implementation
* Linked List (most used implementation)

## Questions
[00](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/BinaryTree.java) - Implement BinaryTree using Java class.\
[p1](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p1) - Pre-Order traversal.\
[p2](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p2) - In-Order traversal.\
[p3](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p3) - Post-Order traversal.\
[p4](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p4) - Level-Order traversal.\
[p5](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p5) - Maximum element in BT.\
[p6](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p6) - Search an element in a BT.\
[p7](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p7) - Insert an element.\
[p8](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p8) - Size of a BT.\
[p9](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p9) - Reverse Level-Order traversal.\
[p10](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p10) - Height of a BT.\
[p11](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p11) - Deepest node in BT.\
[p12](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p12) - Delete a node in BT.\
[p13](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p13) - Identical tree.\
[p14](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p14) - Diameter of a BT.\
[p15](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p15) - Print root to leaf path.\
[p16](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p16) - Path of given sum.\
[p17](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p17) - Create mirror of BT.\
[p18](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p18) - Print root to node path.\
[p19](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p19) - Least common Ancestor.\
[p20](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p20) - Zigzag level traversal.\
[p21](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p21) - Max width of a BT.\
[p22](https://github.com/Lakshitnagar/DS-ALGO/blob/master/ds/binaryTree/p22) - Calculate horizontal distance of all nodes w.r.t. the root.
